cgbg car fuck it I'm gonna attack this
guy who's clearly a team which I'm
really surprised as you know who was
playing who even from he's got light on
this playing their mid laner or yeah I
think much without love even though he
has like internal info he has intestine
failure hey he's done okay now think i'm
gonna run it from page 4 2007 scared why
would you come in spot 3 as keepers were
streaming and i pm'd him i said i want
to know where Big Mo is tomorrow you
know some premiums free my favorite I
fucking bouches died rip oh my i was
joking about leaking some information to
us to wait seven again
today can shop but some kick me kick me
kick nice sorry I'm dying right now my
fucking god my fucking mouth I are you
kidding me are you fucking kidding me
that's stupid fuck hahaha oh my god fuck
that